now these were the sons of David who
now these were the sons of David who were born to him in hebron the firstborn
were born to him in hebron the firstborn
were born to him in hebron the firstborn was unknown by a he know'm the Jezreel
was unknown by a he know'm the Jezreel
was unknown by a he know'm the Jezreel itís the second Daniel by Abigail the
itís the second Daniel by Abigail the
itís the second Daniel by Abigail the car mellitus preferred Absalom the son
car mellitus preferred Absalom the son
car mellitus preferred Absalom the son of merica the daughter of tell my king
of merica the daughter of tell my king
of merica the daughter of tell my king of Giza the fourth add an idea the son
of Giza the fourth add an idea the son
of Giza the fourth add an idea the son of hagath the fifth chef attire by a
of hagath the fifth chef attire by a
of hagath the fifth chef attire by a baton the six Ephriam by his wife Edler
baton the six Ephriam by his wife Edler
baton the six Ephriam by his wife Edler these six were born to him in Hebron
these six were born to him in Hebron
these six were born to him in Hebron there he reigned seven years and six
there he reigned seven years and six
there he reigned seven years and six months and in Jerusalem he reigned 33
months and in Jerusalem he reigned 33
months and in Jerusalem he reigned 33 years and these were born to him in
years and these were born to him in
years and these were born to him in Jerusalem
Jerusalem
Jerusalem shamea show bad Nathan and Solomon for
shamea show bad Nathan and Solomon for
shamea show bad Nathan and Solomon for by bath Shura the daughter of a Mia also
by bath Shura the daughter of a Mia also
by bath Shura the daughter of a Mia also there were if ha Alicia mer eliphalet
there were if ha Alicia mer eliphalet
there were if ha Alicia mer eliphalet Noga nafech Sofia
Noga nafech Sofia
Noga nafech Sofia Alicia mer Elida and a little--it 9 in
Alicia mer Elida and a little--it 9 in
Alicia mer Elida and a little--it 9 in all these were all the sons of David
all these were all the sons of David
all these were all the sons of David besides the sons of the concubines and
besides the sons of the concubines and
besides the sons of the concubines and tamer their sister Solomon son was
tamer their sister Solomon son was
tamer their sister Solomon son was rehabbing Abijah was his son ASA his son
rehabbing Abijah was his son ASA his son
rehabbing Abijah was his son ASA his son Jehoshaphat his son jerem his son a
Jehoshaphat his son jerem his son a
Jehoshaphat his son jerem his son a huzzah his son jerash his son Amaziah
huzzah his son jerash his son Amaziah
huzzah his son jerash his son Amaziah his son
his son
his son Azariah his son Jotham his son a has his
Azariah his son Jotham his son a has his
Azariah his son Jotham his son a has his son hezekiah his son Manasseh his son
son hezekiah his son Manasseh his son
son hezekiah his son Manasseh his son Amnon his son and Josiah his son
Amnon his son and Josiah his son
Amnon his son and Josiah his son the sons of Josiah were Johanna the
the sons of Josiah were Johanna the
the sons of Josiah were Johanna the firstborn the second Jehoiakim the third
firstborn the second Jehoiakim the third
firstborn the second Jehoiakim the third Zedekiah
Zedekiah
Zedekiah and the fourth Shallon the sons of
and the fourth Shallon the sons of
and the fourth Shallon the sons of Jehoiakim were jack and i his son and
Jehoiakim were jack and i his son and
Jehoiakim were jack and i his son and Zedekiah his son and the sons of jacob
Zedekiah his son and the sons of jacob
Zedekiah his son and the sons of jacob isla were Azza she LTL his son and mal
isla were Azza she LTL his son and mal
isla were Azza she LTL his son and mal Kyurem Padilla she nazar Jack Amaya
Kyurem Padilla she nazar Jack Amaya
Kyurem Padilla she nazar Jack Amaya Hashima and Neda by the sons of padilla
Hashima and Neda by the sons of padilla
Hashima and Neda by the sons of padilla worser ababil and shamea the sons of
worser ababil and shamea the sons of
worser ababil and shamea the sons of zerubabbel Wilma Shalom Hananiah Shalom
zerubabbel Wilma Shalom Hananiah Shalom
zerubabbel Wilma Shalom Hananiah Shalom if their sister and her Shuba oh hell
if their sister and her Shuba oh hell
if their sister and her Shuba oh hell barek aya Hassad ayah and Jew shot he
barek aya Hassad ayah and Jew shot he
barek aya Hassad ayah and Jew shot he said five in all the sons of Hananiah
said five in all the sons of Hananiah
said five in all the sons of Hananiah were pellet aya and Josiah
were pellet aya and Josiah
were pellet aya and Josiah the sons of raffia the sons of Armand
the sons of raffia the sons of Armand
the sons of raffia the sons of Armand the sons of Obadiah and the sons of shek
the sons of Obadiah and the sons of shek
the sons of Obadiah and the sons of shek Anaya
Anaya
Anaya the son of shagging aya was she mayor
the son of shagging aya was she mayor
the son of shagging aya was she mayor the sons of shamea were hat of idol
the sons of shamea were hat of idol
the sons of shamea were hat of idol pariah Nia Raya and Schaffer six in all
pariah Nia Raya and Schaffer six in all
pariah Nia Raya and Schaffer six in all the sons of Nia Raya were le ona
the sons of Nia Raya were le ona
the sons of Nia Raya were le ona Hezekiah and Ezra cam 3 the sons of le o
Hezekiah and Ezra cam 3 the sons of le o
Hezekiah and Ezra cam 3 the sons of le o ni were who desire a liar ship pelea a
ni were who desire a liar ship pelea a
ni were who desire a liar ship pelea a coupe Johannine de lair and an inner
coupe Johannine de lair and an inner
coupe Johannine de lair and an inner seven in all
seven in all
seven in all [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you